in the next 24 hours you will learn
about the streets
about the choices that will force a
dedicated cop over the edge all in the
name of good in the next 24 hours the
only thing more dangerous than the line
being crossed conveys a training day off
soy good chance to give you a little
taste of reality you think you can
handle is the cop who has crossed it I
will do anything you want me to do will
you see
I was a dealer you'd be dead by that
hey pill tails cuz of me judges have
handed out over 15,000 man years of
incarceration time based on my
investigation you got today and today
only to show me who and what you're made
of him said that's what I'm talking
about
first day on the job you hit a three
million dollar seizure we're now
tracking up arrested a you let him go
one more you want I want in justice is
that not justice let's Street just
Brooklyn Street Jawa just let the
animals wipe themselves out God will you
can't be like this some guys can't you
see at least we got a 6-1
you think I'm crazy right we communicate
and talk to me say it
a lot of things on these trees boy good
things and bad things too there's some
profoundly evil people
freely right now I'm goalies King Kong
ain't got nothing on me ah you never
know that's the point it's gonna have to
be a nice day huh you'll get darker
guarantee you that